Really?
The lady specially mentioned this place for me today
What's the matter?
Sun's Group will immediately enter a batch of departments
You are the person responsible for harvest inspection.
I hope Uncle Li can put some water by then.
Absolutely not.
Miss Wanqiu said
This project is very important
Never give a fork
Su Wan begged her to count as a fart
Uncle Li, as long as you want
The benefits are naturally indispensable to you
Is that right miss
I know you have a conflict with Late Autumn
But
I advise you not to have any bad thoughts about this project
Otherwise, you can't afford this home
I know what happened today didn't happen.
I don't want to look at you anymore
Otherwise
I'm going to the chairperson to expose you
Hahahaha
You want to expose me
If you do
I will definitely pull you on your back
What does that have to do with me?
What you have been doing at the company over the years
You think I don't know?
If this lady is not at the bottom
Will come to you for help
You you
What do you know?
You're a 50-year-old man.
There are old and young
If I make you good at your job
Talk about taking bribes
How many years do you think you can eat and grow old?
What to say don't go too far
I'm pushing you
Do it or not, you choose